Location: Divinity's Reach

Most powerful emperors of the planet band together do discuss issues facing the whole planet. 

Thanatos
"Everything Dies. 
You, me, everyone on this planet.
Our sun , our galaxy and eventually the universe itself.
This is simply how things are. 
It's inevitable and I accept it."

// There is a change in scene (Zeus)

We see one of the Kings looking up at the sky where they can see a planet hanging. 
From the planet comes down 1 young lady (Hera) and bunch of nameless goons.

Zeus: Who are you and why are you here
Hera: You speak english here, on it's one of those earths?
Zeus: ????
Hera: ????
Zeus: The world in the sky , is this your doing?
Hera: My doing? No man or woman can summon the incursion other than the Great One.
Zeus: ???
Hera: I came here to kill a world, would you try and stop me?
Zeus: I would do more than just try 
Hera: Then show me ?
*The goons start attacking Zeus
* Zeus is busy fighting and kicking their ass
Hera: May god have mercy on your souls 
*Hera pulls out a weapon, press it which causes the planet to blow apart in a blinding light *

// Few years ago
*We see Hera in a room with a giant panther goddess in front saying *
"Goddess, oh goddess, Save me from what this world demands. 
Please save me from what I am about to do"

// Back to present 
* Hera is in a prision

Hera: You make too much noise to be the man who captured me. 
Should I hold out hope that you are an angel come to free me?
Hephaestus: My friend - the man who captured you - told me you jumped here from another world. 
I would like to know what the world was called. 

Hera: Earth. But a cleaver man like you knew that already. 
Hephaestus: Are you deciving me?
Why would any destroy their home?

Hera: The threads of destiny demanded a sacrifice, and the great destroyer always gets his due. 
What you need to understand though is - everything I do I do out of necessity. 
So why don't you simply ask me what you want?

Hephaestus: You sound cold, you murdered a world and you radiate a dark powers. 
But why is it then when I check the night footage, I find you crying?


